Oracle contract link is broken (#788)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Introduction/architecture-overview/architecture-request-model.md

### Oracle Contract

> [`Oracle` contracts](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/master/contracts/src/v0.8/interfaces/OracleInterface.sol) are owned by oracle node operators, which run alongside off-chain oracle nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Oracle` contracts](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/master/contracts/src/v0.6/Oracle.sol) are owned by oracle node operators, which run alongside off-chain oracle nodes.
```

Reviewer: Hello @yannluppo 

thanks so much for raising this issue. See my suggestion, I prefer to point readers to the implementation of the Oracle contract since it provides more information

Reviewer 2: Applied
